Well, good evening, family. Thank you for joining me again tonight.
I sure love that song. I played it all day long, listening to it with the family.
We're going to go over some things and we're just going to jump right into prayer.
I feel an urgency, just like I did last night, to pray again over our troops and over what we were shown last night.
I want to show you some of the developments of what happened today.
Braden found it in the news and he said, Daddy, I feel like we should talk about some of this.
It goes with some of the words the Lord has given us over the last 6 months or so. What the Holy Spirit told you was coming is now in the news.
I'll show you the clip of me saying it, and then we'll go into what they're saying in the news.
I don't know how many of them you have prepared. We have the water thing and then you had the issue.
You want to do the water? Okay. Do water. You want to play that?
Okay. You want the drought first, right? Okay, go. We are running out of water in South Texas.
Are there resources the federal government can bring to bear on our water crisis? We're going to do what we have to do and we will get it done.
There's so many different things you can do now with water and the creation of water, including desalination, etc.
And as you probably know, you have a big permit in. You have a very big ask. I have to say it's a big ask.
This is called a serious money ask and I'm going to get that thing approved for you guys.
I think we're breaking news with that. I appreciate you sharing that with us.
What are you going to do? You're going to say you can't have any water. The place is one of the most vibrant places in the country.
We're not going to say it's vibrant but we're not going to give you water because it won't be vibrant for long.
We're going to take care of it. I thought that was pretty interesting.
But what did the Holy Spirit say about it? We went over it in February of this year.
No, not this year. This last year. Oh, last year. Thanks. It's been almost.
Wow. I was thinking February 20th. I don't remember saying that. February 20th, son.
February the 20th of 2024, the Lord spoke this and said about the water.
Now, you can play what we said in prayer. I saw drought that was worse than the Dust Bowl.
Bad. No crops. Drought. Drought. Bad drought. No water. And I heard it again three times. There's no water. There's no water. There's no water.
And if you go back to what the Lord showed me about the tractors upon the land, and there were no tractors from east to west moving, and there was no diesel.
There was something wrong with the tractors and they had tilled the fields up and they had left the fields and they were barren.
And down in the Leed area, all that area, it was complete drought in the farmlands of Oklahoma and all around Texas big time. Altus.
We must pray and take our authority over our weather and pray for what I have seen, for what they try to control and manipulate will backfire on them and it will be stronger than what they anticipated on some of these storms.
They use it and they try to wield it as a weapon of war. I saw some kind of strategic things of manipulating economies, manipulating atmospheres.
That's good. And when this takes place, there will be a loss of control sometimes. And then we had water.
The Lord warned us about the drought and they're saying what are we going to do with the drought and he's having a whole press conference about it saying desalination plants and everything else for Texas, and the Lord showed us that the water would become so scarce down there it would be like a Dust Bowl in the days ahead.
US tells embassy staff in Israel to leave now if they want, amid Trump threats to attack Iran. They're preparing.
Last night there was so much that the Lord showed us about Iran's retaliation against what's about to take place.
I really believe I thought it was going to happen in the last 24 hours. That's how strong it was yesterday in prayer.
When you are praying over something, sometimes the pulses feel so intense that it feels like it's right in front of your face.
It could be a couple of days, it could be weeks, sometimes months.
As we have prayed into this, praying for our protection over our troops specifically.
Is there anything else you wanted to show? You had Cuba and stuff like that.
Go ahead and show them that Cuba thing. That's Iran. Oh. That's okay.
Go ahead. Failing. Cuba right now is, to put it mildly, a failing nation.
And I've been hearing about Cuba since I'm a little boy. I've been hearing about Cuba and everybody wanted to change.
And I could see that happening. Marco Rubio is dealing on it and at a very high level.
And you know, they have no money, they have no oil, they have no food.
And it's really right now a nation in deep trouble and they want our help.
I thought that was interesting because of what we've seen. A regime change coming.
I believe a regime change is coming to Cuba. I believe that what the Lord showed us in prayer was a lot last night.
If you were not here last night for that video, I would encourage you to go back and watch that video, especially the prayer time.
If you fast forward to the prayer, I know a lot of people don't like to hear me talking.
I want to say this. We're helping the younger believers out.
I really believe there's a lot of the veterans that come on here.
You've heard it and you've been around the faith for a long time. You know how to walk by faith.
You know how to walk and trample on serpents and scorpions and that's not a big deal for you.
But there is a lot of unchurched people and we have found out through the emails and through going through this even through all the other channels that we have seven other channels that are we upload the same video and go live with them and translate it into their language.
We're in the Bible Belt and there's a lot of the WMPs that follow me and you're very educated when it comes to prayer because of who you've been taught by.
Sister Billy Brim is one of the best teachers as far as the word of God and teaching about prayer and Sister Lyn Hammond from Minnesota Living Word, and so you have some of the greatest teachers of this generation ever.
I truly believe, but there's a lot of people that have no idea how to jump in the rivers at all.
And the Lord said, Go back to the basics. Go back to the ABCs. Teach the little steps of how to get there, like a fence.
Now, some people say, That don't relate with me at all. Well, that's fine. This isn't for you. Fast forward it.
And that's why live, for you, you're stuck with it until unless you want to watch tomorrow.
There's a lot of people that don't know how because they weren't taught in church.
They get a 30 minute little lukewarm message and they get something to make them feel good. They take up your tithes and your offerings.
They sing some songs with the skinny jeans and fog machines and you go in there and you don't get any substance to get you through your week.
And that's what the Lord said. You must teach them how to have a backbone like a crowbar and teach them how to stand in these last days.
Can you get that glare off my camera, son? It's really bad. Teach them how to stand in these last days because if you don't, they're not going to make it.
If they don't understand Psalms 91 and Psalms 23, they're not going to make it.
If you don't know how to stand on the word of God for the days ahead, there are hard days.
The Lord said very sobering days are coming. Very sobering days.
And he said, What's the difference between being sober? And I said, Being drunk.
He said, Being filled with the Holy Ghost, not just once, but to overflow every single day.
Learn how to sit at my feet. Learn how to abide in my presence.
If you abide in me and my words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done.
And there's so many people that don't have a clue of how to live by faith in these last days.
If you don't know how to believe God for a toenail that's hurting, how much can you believe him for something?
If you are seriously diagnosed with something at the doctor or finances, if you don't have the faith to believe him, it's fine now.
If you don't have faith enough to believe him for $5, how are you going to believe him for more whenever the economy was to go bad?
You've got to start somewhere. And you don't bite off a huge bite without any teeth and be able to chew it and not choke on it.
And so that's why there's so many people I would say when Braden does these polls and stuff, there's so many people that have no clue even who brother Hagin was.
When we found out that 60% of all the people had no idea who brother Kenneth Hagin was.
We were shocked truly. I was raised on brother Kenneth Hagin.
And when 60% out of over 100,000 people in that one video had no idea who Kenneth Hagin was.
I was like, even my son, we were all like, What? Diana, we couldn't believe it.
And I texted Bill, Sister Billy Brim, and I said, Can you believe this? And so, you know, bottom line is I said, It's sad.
We've got to start teaching the people the word and how to live by faith.
If it wasn't for brother Hagin's videos and being raised and listening to his cassette tapes, you know, in the 80s you had the cassette tape.
Listening to those and the downloads and feeding on the word.
Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. I don't know where I'd be right now.
I can tell you this. I wouldn't be married. I wouldn't be where I'm at right now at all.
It's knowing the word that is when we had Megan first diagnosed and she was severely autistic at that time and the doctor said there's no hope.
That was the hardest time of my life with Diana whenever we were raising a child that acted like a wild animal.
It was awful pulling through that. I leaned on that teaching and leaned on the word of God more than I ever have and still do today.
But it was always by the word of faith teaching me brother Hagin his teachings of all the stuff of Mark 11:24, whatsoever things you desire when you pray going over it to the point where I thought, do I want?
And Braden says, is that the only story he knows? You know, because as we listen in the car, Braden, he's young and he goes, I've heard him say that before.
I said, Yeah, he teaches the same thing over and over and over again.
Son, people used to ask, How long are you going to teach that?
Until you get it. How long are you going to tell those same stories?
Until you get it. Until it becomes Rhema in your life. Thank God for Rhema word. Thank God for words that become alive in you.
When you study this Bible, when you get this word down in your heart and you get it into you that you are fully persuaded, you're no longer a believer.
You're fully persuaded. You went from believing to fully persuaded that what God has promised, he's able also to perform it.
I'm fully persuaded that my God is my provider. Well, my bank account may say something else.
You go to the bank account. You say, I need a readout of my account.
And they give you a readout of your account, and it's saying something totally different than what you wanted it to say.
I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what the word of God says.
So, all of a sudden, you're looking at that and that bank account's yelling louder than your circumstance.
The Bible says that my God shall supply all my needs according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus and I have seed in the ground.
I'm a tither and I have tither's rights. I believe that my God is going to take care of me.
How many times that we've been there at the end when you get to the end of your paycheck and you've got a whole week ahead and you're going, Well, what are we going to do now?
We're going to trust God. We're going to believe God. But there's only $25 left in the account.
You only got $25 and we got these three kids and you got it. What are you going to do?
You're going to trust God. That's whenever you better have a word to know that you're fully persuaded.
I'm not just a believer that God's going to take care of me. I'm fully persuaded that God said he would supply all my needs.
I'm a tither. I'm a giver. I'm a seer. And I'm a believer. But I'm fully persuaded now.
And there's so many people that don't know how to go from believing to fully persuaded.
What do you do whenever the doctor gives you a bad report and they tell you your daughter is never going to come out of it and she'll be in diapers the rest of her life and she'll never live a normal life.
She'll never probably ever talk. You'll be blessed if she just is able to look you in the eye one day. What do you do whenever they give you that death sentence?
Basically whenever it comes to all your dreams that you had for your child or maybe in some of your cases you've had a death sentence and they tell you you're going to die in the next couple months.
You only have so much time to live. That's whenever the circumstance is yelling so loud at you and fear tries to set in. And fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
Going over that inside of your head, you have the voice that yells louder at night of that fear and that roaring lion, you're going to die.
You're never going to have a normal life. Things are never going to change for you.
This is it, buddy. Tomorrow might be your last day. But I know what the word says, and I stand on the word.
And you say, Well, what if you die? Well, I went out fighting. I went out standing.
I'd rather be fighting on the good side and telling the devil he's a liar and going against it and go home that way than sit down and be in fear cuddled in a fetal position rocking.
And so I've seen people that have believed and they went home. But guess what? They're on the victory side.
Even on the other side, even if you didn't get your full manifestation of what you're believing for on this side of the earth, you're living and walking in victory at the moment.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord. You still are victorious regardless if you saw it here or you're going to get your full manifestation over there.
Either way, you're a winner. And there's so many people that get caught up on all that. I've been around it all my life, it seems like now.
And you watch and see some sister who was believing God for a healing and she didn't get it.
You say, "Well, does God always heal?"I believe it. I believe God's a healer. I believe God's a deliverer.
I believe I'm fully persuaded that my God is a healer either on this side or the other side.
I know there's no sickness in heaven. There's no sickness and disease in heaven. He can't give you something he doesn't have over there.
A lot of people say, "Well, did God put sickness on you?"God doesn't put sickness on people.
I don't believe it. The devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
The Lord said, "I have come that you might have life and life more abundantly."God doesn't put sickness on people. I do not believe that.
We live in a fallen world and things happen, but I don't believe that God and the devil are working as buddies putting stuff on people.
He was off balance here. I'll let him have a little cancer. Satan and him are not buddying up, slapping his bride around, slapping the church around, slapping people around.
I don't believe it. You'll never convince me of it. The Bible says that God has come that we might have life and life more abundantly.
What about your daughter Megan? What about that? That was my own stupid fault.
He told me not to get the flu shot whenever I did it. Her Apgar scores were completely normal. She was starting to talk, doing everything.
And within just a couple weeks of getting that flu vaccination, she ran a high fever and she lost all talking.
Within just a couple weeks, she stopped looking at us in the eyes.
She started looking over and being in la-la land. It was awful.
And I'll never forget getting that letter in the mail certified from the doctor firing us as patients, telling us not to come back because we were saying we believe it's the flu vaccines.
We believe all these things. She said don't come back. She fired us as patients and wouldn't let it go. I remember getting that FedEx letter in an envelope.
Diana opened it up and said all that stuff that I'm not going to say because I end up slipping and saying her name.
But all that to be said, at that point I didn't know what to do as a father because I was just young and I was so scared to even call it autism.
I'll never forget when my mom came and because in my mind I knew Megan wasn't doing very well at the time.
My mom took me out to this Mexican restaurant and she said, "Brandon, I need to tell you something."I remember looking at her thinking, "Well, what are you talking about?"She goes, "The family's been talking and we want to tell you we really believe that your Megan has autism."I lost it.
I'm talking, fear hit me like a 2x4 upside the head. It felt like that.
I remember thinking I felt so betrayed at the time, so upset because it had gone on for so long.
And people didn't know how to really address it. I guess my mom and dad didn't know how to really address it because I was just naive.
First child, we didn't know what we were doing really. But we didn't realize how far behind Megan was and her not talking at three years old.
What was over that and started looking at things and going through her development out of just ignorance.
We didn't realize what was going on until family started shedding light on it because of my sister's kids.
As I look back at those days, it was the hardest time of my life.
But if it wasn't for the word of God, if it wasn't for knowing who I am in Christ, when I came home and started talking to Diana that night, she wept and wept and wept.
We took her to a doctor and I can't even say his name because he was not.
Dr. Edgington was his name and he was a neuropsychologist. Dr.
Edgington and he was in Edmond, Oklahoma. He was only one of so many in the whole area.
It took us forever to get in there. I'll never forget his report that first time he went in there and he evaluated her.
I felt like somebody had just kicked the snot out of me. I walked away just weeping. So angry at the circumstance. So angry.
So afraid because I didn't want anybody saying the word, because life and death is in the power of your tongue.
I was so scared for anybody to say out of their mouth that Megan had autism because I didn't want them speaking it. I didn't want them to speak word curses.
I didn't want to speak anything because I was so freaked out by the power of life and death in your tongue and speaking things over her.
I wouldn't allow anybody to say anything. So does it sound flaky now?
Yeah. Because of what I've walked through. There's so much that you feel like it's bondage.
I look at it back and I say there's a lot of bondage in that. The way I had to come to the reality of what I was looking at.
There was so much bondage, but God has brought us through is what I'm trying to tell you all.
We're still seeing healing even today. We're seeing manifestations of her changing and yet she's in her 20s.
And I'm going to say something that's very private, personal, but when she's getting ready to start her cycle now, she knows when she started and she'll get stuff to make sure she doesn't mess up the house.
She knows now when her cycle has started and she goes and cleans herself up.
If anybody understands a child with autism, that is a miracle in itself.
And it took years of believing that she wouldn't play in her menses because it was stimulating for a child's special needs to play in their blood, or to do whatever to go through the hell that I feel like I have been through and teach her, "Honey, we don't do that.
That's foul."For her to stop that by the power of God. And when I went to a Billy Burke meeting, even this last time when we went in October to Eufaula and the power of God touched Megan, we've seen even more progress in her behavior.
And he always talks about a sermon about the dove that went out and got a leaf on Noah's ark.
You see Noah's ark behind us. We got the leaf. It went out, it came back, it had nothing.
Then Noah let the dove out and it came back with a leaf, the little olive twig.
That was the sign that the flood was over. Sometimes all you have is an olive piece. That's all the hope you may have.
As the dove went out and found the flood was over, the first sign that the flood was over and that there was change coming, the olive leaf was right there.
So Noah knew immediately that something is about to change.
He laid hold to the olive leaf. That little bitty dove brought it back.
And he knew that there was change coming. The flood is beginning to recede.
So I know that there's a lot of people that maybe you just have that olive, that little bit of olive branch, a little olive leaf in the dove's mouth.
That could be your circumstances in your life. Like I'm trying to tell you, Megan will all of a sudden when she starts, she'll know it's time to not have her lady panties on.
It's time to go get her diaper on again. And to switch in her mind to know it's no longer panty time, it's diaper time so we don't make a mess.
She does it by herself. I know this is very private, y'all. But it's something that is a miracle that's been going on for quite a while now since October.
And sometimes you get those olive leaves and you realize the flood is receding.
No matter what the doctor tries to tell you, the flood is receding. Don't lose hope. The flood is receding.
Even if you just got a little olive leaf, even if you've got just a little change in your circumstances, hey, guess what?
That's the beginning of the flood receding. Noah had to grab on to something.
It was an olive twig or leaf. I believe it's a leaf. It was enough to fit in the beak of a dove.
I know it's not a branch. It was a leaf. As you see Noah's ark behind me, that's the one I wanted because the Lord spoke to me.
The leaf of your circumstances, the expiration date of your circumstances, is at hand.
God is a God of miracles. The dove came to him in the evening, and lo, in her mouth was an olive leaf plucked off. So Noah knew that the waters were abated from the earth.
Then the dove came to him in the evening, and behold, a freshly plucked olive leaf was in her mouth, and Noah knew that the water had receded from the earth.
So whatever your olive leaf is, whatever your circumstance is, it may seem impossible.
If you don't lose hope, your circumstances are going to change.
Being fully persuaded, you go from believing to fully persuaded.
I'm sure Noah was very discouraged, but an olive leaf gave him hope.
I pray for you tonight to have hope and your breakthrough for whatever you're believing.
It may not be something big because a little olive leaf is not big. It showed a sign.
When you see your first breakthrough and manifestation, you realize I've kicked that devil in the teeth long enough.
He's getting tired. I'm not giving up on what God has promised me.
I'm thankful for the foundation of the word of God that will change you from the inside out.
That will change us from glory to glory. The more you meditate on that word, it will change you from your insides out.
I have learned to stand in my own circumstance with finances.
The Lord said, I want you to take these things and teach my people.
I tried to bring it so I could teach like I was teaching at Shoner Church.
It doesn't have to be complicated. You don't have to be an amazing speaker.
I've learned it is simple. If you make it simple where people grab on to it, that changes them.
I'm simple, but in that, Jesus visits me. He doesn't look for perfection; he looks for a heart that is after him.
If you needed somebody that spoke like a T.D. Jakes, that you have to bring a dictionary to church to understand, that's not Brandon.
I hardly know how to speak big words. I have to say it is what it is because I barely finished high school.
But God will take the foolish things of the world and do something huge in your life to confound the wise.
He said, Brandon, I can take anybody and turn them into somebody. He can change your life if you lean into him.
If you realize where I come from and where God blessed us now, you would be shocked. It's a lot to me because I come from nothing.
From the janitor that made barely $17,000 a year, you look at where God has brought you and you say, Lord, you have done so much for me.
I hope that blessed you. Now, let's talk about what the Lord said last night.
There are so many of you that need to know what I believe is coming.
I saw a storm last night against our ships. I saw that we would attack Iran in the days ahead.
The Lord said to pray for our military bases in Kuwait and Baghdad.
I saw our boats, but what was interesting, I saw surprise payloads full of biological weapons in these drones.
As it went in, it sprayed the decks and the boats. I saw the troops on the bases with massive boils, convulsing with pain and agony.
The air defense systems were not able to hold everything back. I saw a yellow-looking liquid in the wings of these drones.
It was like a five-gallon bottle, like an Ozarka bottle, attached with a sprayer.
The drone had a stealth look and was big. It was halfway full and sloshing around.
It was spraying and releasing a fog on the people. I saw a plan coming out of Damascus.
I saw Turkey and Syria coming together to come against Israel. The Lord said, pray over Jordan airspace.
I saw another plot from Damascus, another biological attack in the night.
There were weapons being given to Iran that were secret, coming on major planes in the middle of the night as a friendly pack.
I saw these C-17s, these big planes that hold our tanks and military equipment.
These massive planes, I saw two of them flying into Iran. They were giving them special weapons to defend themselves against America.
China was involved; I saw it in the vision. It was very clear, and they have done it more than once.
I saw them deliver this crate, which looked like a wooden crate, but it contained some kind of communication device that would send a signal to a satellite and somehow emit an electromagnetic pulse.
It is not permanent, but I do not know how to describe it; I am trying to use my words.
As it shot off, it was active for just enough time to disarm our battleship, but eventually, you could upload again and push the buttons to turn it back on.
I do not know how else to describe this, but I saw this pulse, which looked like radio waves coming out of a satellite; these were secret weapons.
God have mercy. So we pray over our troops. I am allowed to go over here now, so I will not say anything else about that.
I saw Cuba, and as you heard Trump say about the regime change, I saw a dog backed into a corner.
I saw the Castro people, the ones who have been dictators over Cuba for how long now?
Even since Trump was a little boy, there has been a tyrant government since the 1960s, the Cuban missile crisis, and all the stuff going on over there.
I saw this man backed into a corner, getting ready to have a regime change, but I heard the word about a new type of Hiroshima experiment, like we did when we dropped the atom bomb.
I saw a retaliatory attack coming out of Cuba that was a surprise, as if to say, we have lost it all, there is nothing more I can do, and I am going down in a blaze of glory.
That is what this crazy guy was doing. Now, can we change this in prayer?
I believe we can, but I am telling you, what I saw was almost like an animal backed into a corner ready to retaliate.
I saw some kind of weapon given to them by Russia. You need to remember this; I saw a weapon given to them by Russia.
I do not know if this is a weapon of mass destruction, but it looked round and had a biohazard symbol on the side of it.
It was under the ground; I saw this thing coming up and being used in the days ahead, and it was very catastrophic.
I do not know if this is tactical or if it is like a briefcase; I have seen these briefcases that are radioactive.
I have seen the green sides of it; it looks like a 1970s briefcase.
I saw it, but this was different. The Lord showed me to pray for it.
I saw Claudia—remember I told you she was dragging her nails because her time was up soon—dragging her fingers across the desk.
Now, I believe this is a metaphor; I do not really think she is going to have cat-like nails. It is a vision; I am telling you what I saw.
She was holding onto her desk and scraping it as two men had a hold of each leg, pulling her out of the office through her carpet, and she was scratching the whole way to the back of a paddy wagon, like when you transport prisoners in a jail car with bars.
It looked like something the Joker would ride in; it had bars on the windows and was armored.
They put her in the back of this. Now, is that a metaphor? I do not know.
That is what I saw in a vision. But it looked like an armored truck.
If you contend and you pray, the man that looks like Antonio Banderas—who looks like a Hollywood star, very handsome—is conservative, and this is who the Lord wants to be over Mexico.
I saw a new man rising up and taking the baton, looking very classy in his suit and white shirt, like GQ.
I saw this man rising up, and I saw revival breaking out in Mexico.
But the Lord said again: you will have to contend, church, and pray for this; it will not just happen.
I saw revival breaking out in Venezuela, Colombia, and Cuba.
The Lord said, a major move of my presence is coming. They were placing Santeria around that Cuban man.
Santeria was being placed around the man in Cuba, and they were using this demonic stuff to protect him; they were trying to perform some kind of cultic ritual around this man.
The Lord showed me this, but I saw a major move, and the Lord said he is bringing that to naught and setting the people free from satanic practice, for a satanic stronghold has been on the whole island.
The Lord said he was bringing that satanic stronghold down in Venezuela, Colombia, and Mexico.
He said, I am going to bring a great revival all over South America, and a flood of my presence is going to bring in the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
They had their day, and it is done. First Corinthians 5:5 is coming to full fruition, a great manifestation of the glory.
He said, I am dealing with Cuba. I saw brand new sanctions being lifted and economic growth coming around the island.
Can we stop the retaliation if this man leaves and says he does not want to lose his life and backs out?
Yes, I believe that. That is the power of prayer. Can he just resign, bring in a new leader, and ride away on his horse? Could that happen? Yes, but only through prayer.
Because when you have had your hooks into something for decades, and it has been through your dad and your grandpa, they do not just want to give things away.
The Lord said, do not underestimate your enemy. Don't think you are the big guy in the schoolyard and they are the nerdy kid.
We have the best army and the best intelligence; we are America.
The Lord said, be humble about it; do not underestimate your enemy.
They have a surprise. I said, What's the surprise? And I saw that device.
He said, They will try to go out fighting this man. Don't believe everything you hear.
So, can we stop it? Yes. Can we make peace? Yes. Can we bring liberation to the people of Cuba? Yes.
Because the Lord said he was going to do it and he is going to bring it to Venezuela and to Brazil and to these and it is going to be amazing, y'all.
So, that is what we are going to pray tonight. As I saw this, I saw Gavin.
Do you remember when I said I saw Gavin and he was like a slimy booger? I said like a slug.
You know how you can squeeze a slug and it just slips through your fingers? Have you ever done that? Probably gross as a kid.
You could pick it up or you step on it and you step on a slug and it squeezes through your toes and you go, Oh god, that is so disgusting.
And you got a slug juice going all through your toes, but it seems to just it didn't go away.
It just came up through your toes and it is still living. And you are going, Man, how did that happen?
It is just a slimy little sucker. Little booger. It is like a and you squeeze it.
That is the way Gavin is. He is like a booger. That is what the Lord showed me. He is like a booger slug.
And as I saw certain elitist with purple outfits on and different rankings with the Rockefellers in this money system, the Lord showed me that it seems like a lot of times these people have immunity.
You know, it is like, well, how do they get away with that? If that was anybody else, they would be in prison for the rest of their life.
The Pelosis, these people, you go, how in the world they get away with some of that stuff?
Insider trading, they say, and all these things. And Lord, I saw people this reptilian.
I saw people with purple outfits on doing certain practices that would get them a certain level in politics and thing with judges and with certain people.
And it is almost like they had royalty. The higher you go in the occult, the higher you go in this group, it is almost like you get an immunity on this earth.
Certain things you go, if that was anybody else, they would be in a lot of trouble versus them.
And I said, I saw him slithering, trying to slither his way like a snake with his belly going across to the White House with his tongue licking the ground concerning 2028, chasing the dirt, trying to go.
And I said, Remember Gavin? I saw these people. They don't have a replacement. And that is what the Lord said.
And if you go back to what he said, remember they are trying to groom a new Obama that will be devil inspired.
A charisma in the days ahead. They want to get somebody else groomed in the Democratic party.
And that is when I saw that African-American man for the Republican.
He was talking to Benny Johnson at the beginning of his broadcast before the State of the Union.
And I saw him talking to him and he was polished. What are you saying in front of Benny Johnson?
I said that man will do something in the days ahead. He is African-American man.
And he was talking to Benny Johnson. He has a beard. This guy right here.
I saw that man in the spirit. I have been praying for him. He will be polished and Marco Rubio.
So, and people want to say, Who is the lizard? Who is the lizard?
I did not say he was reptilian. I am not trying to say he is reptilian.
The Lord says he is chameleon. Like a gecko, the way you look at chameleon.
The man that is speaking in his ear is chameleon. And people say, Oh, it is Elon Musk. I did not say it was Elon Musk.
Elon Musk presented himself as a rat in the days ahead because of a new Watergate scandal.
And I said, Watch what happens. 2028 will be the year of a Watergate if we do not pray.
2028 will be a year of a Watergate if we do not pray. A new Watergate Nixon.
So that is what the Lord said. Pray for this because it will be about X.
It will be about things like that. So you know who a chameleon is. It is not Elon Musk.
So, I just keep praying for President Trump to not take counsel from ungodly people and that he would be wise.
I thought it was interesting that one of the people went straight to Iran today and had a meeting.
Did you show them? Vance meets with this guy on a talks. I wonder what they say.
I wonder what happens. So, all right. I have talked too much.
Hopefully, you got something out of it. Did I go over a thing pretty good?
Yeah, I think you got it. Did you see anything about what was it about?
That was the last one. I saw more about Italy. What is it? It was about the same, I saw the Costa Rica.
Five families. The coast. I kept praying out in the spirit last night.
The five families I saw drug mafia and American Italy mafia and the Lord said they will look like heroes in the days ahead concerning the Union shipyards.
Watch what I do. And he said he God can use anybody, ladies and gentlemen, concerning Maduro.
Did I say that right? Mamdani. Mamdani. They all have that weird names.
It is so weird. And it is that Mamdani. And the Lord said, Watch what I do with this.
And I said, Casta, no. And then I saw Italy. I saw New Orleans.
I saw Chicago. I saw these. And the Lord started talking about that.
He said, Watch what I am about to do with this. And the Lord kept saying it is just business.
It is just business. Way different than I saw with the Mexican mafia.
And as I saw three more people being taken out that were huge mafia drug lords in Mexico there.
I saw the cartel. That is Thank you, Holy Ghost. The cartel. Three new leaders, more leaders.
And I saw territorial wars coming to the cartel. With no major leader, they would get rid of these.
I saw another leader is about to take it out. I saw another one.
But as this took place, there would be a territorial war shift concerning the cartel and who was leading over here and who was not from parts of Mexico saying, Listen, we want that turf.
That is our turf. Your leader is gone. Ours is here. And it was the same thing with Venezuela. And it spread and the cartel was in chaos.
But it was not just when you see news on TV like cartel is like one big mafia guy and he has all the money.
It was like there were sectors of drug lords and I saw these I would say it is like leaders of their gangs like you would say the blood and the crips and like that.
But this was like what I am trying to tell you was as I saw major leaders of these areas, two of them about to be taken out, two more.
And when this happens, there is a lack of major leadership and there is territorial wars and they start to fight each other within.
And it was the same thing with Colombia and they were their own and the drugs flowed up and I saw the same thing going through Miami and it comes up and that is what I am trying to tell you when I saw the five families and the Lord showed me it is almost because of the trafficking of the children the Lord said I remember what was exact word but he is fed up with it but I am telling you all a shaking to awaken is coming.
So, I am believing God in all that I saw last night. That was a lot.
It was like a faucet last night. And I am so thankful when the Holy Spirit shows up like that.
And Joseph, it is because my sweetheart was with me. I told her, I said, You got to come back more often, baby.
She said, I said, You help me so much. I know. I know the Holy Spirit it is something I it is between us, but I just say I just love her when she is around.
But let us take communion and pray tonight and we will see. And I believe we will just cover our troops in the blood.
We will cover our churches. There is so much here to pray over.
There's so much to be done in the spirit. It's almost 10 o'clock, isn't it?
Goodness gracious. Pete, are you keeping up with my time? Have I talked way too long?
It is updated. Okay, good. Thank you. I appreciate you, son.
Lord, we just thank you, Father, for this time. You've been so good to us.
We know apart from you, we can do nothing. We don't attract to deflect; we don't use you, you use us.
And Father, we have a treasure in our earthen vessel that the excellency of the power is known of you and not of us.
And I thank you, Father, that you've called us and you've chosen us for such a time as this.
You could have used anybody, but Lord, for whatever reason, I thank you that you use me.
I thank you, Father, that we can help you and we'll be a part and we'll get this end-time gospel out.
We're so excited for your return. We're so excited that, Father, we're looking up, for we know our redemption draws nigh.
And you are uncovering the darkness in our government. You're uncovering the darkness in all of what I've seen.
And I know, Father, it's not for us to get overwhelmed by it, but for us to give you all the glory, honor, and praise because you're doing it.
You're bringing revival across the land from sea to shining sea.
We're so grateful, Father, for the time that we have on this earth and what we have left, Father, that we'll give you all the glory, the honor, and the praise.
And we thank you for our angels, Father, that a thousand should fall at our side and 10,000 at the right hand, but it will not come nigh us.
And we lift up this body in the name of Jesus. And we thank you, Father. We thank you, Lord.
We're so grateful, Father, that you died for us and you rose again on the third day.
That we don't have to have sickness in our bodies. And we take this in Jesus'name.
Lord, we thank you for the blood. We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
And we apply it. We apply the blood over our lives today. And I yield to the anointing of the prophetic. I yield to the anointing.
If there's anything you want to say, if there's anything you want to do on this broadcast, Father, we yield to it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
That we pray over our troops. We pray over our president. We pray over our vice president.
We pray over our finances over this nation. And we take the blood right now in the name of Jesus.
And we apply the blood so that we hear you uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Satan, you're under our feet. And we plead the blood of Jesus over anything that you would show us tonight, Lord.
No demonic spirits will we follow. We hear you and a stranger's voice we will not follow. We apply the blood in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for your angels that are watching over us in this room right now, over my house, over my wife, and my children.
We thank you, Lord, in Jesus'name. We plead the blood of Jesus.
Amen and amen. Do you believe that Jesus is Lord? Victory. Victory.
Victory belongs to us as believers that are fully persuaded.
All right, well, let's jump in the river here. Who wants to go tubing?
Braden's trying to work on those little emojis. Yeah, he's going to have them up probably by tomorrow night.
I'll do prayer again tomorrow night with y'all, closing out this month, and we'll see where we are with this if he pushes the button tonight into tomorrow.
President Trump. A lot of people said there's a blood moon on March 3rd, and I think that's kind of interesting.
I don't know where it's actually going to be located and seen, but will it be the last until New Year's of 2028?
Wow. So, we won't have another blood moon until New Year's Eve of 2028, I guess.
So, that's kind of creepy. New Year's Eve. What's symbolic of that? 2028. The year I can't see past yet.
I've seen into 2029 a little bit, just barely glimpses, the last of New Year's Eve of 2028.
That'll be going into when the inauguration will be, just barely there, the 21st probably of January, and it'll be inauguration time.
It's New Year's Eve, the start of the new year. That's interesting.
Keep that. So, next week we'll have a blood moon. Is it over America?
Does it show where it will be seen? I've got to get to praying.
I was going to get your mom and see if she would retake notes real quick because I want her to take notes of what I see.
I know she doesn't want to be on camera. The best views will be in the western US and Pacific region.
Be right back. With totality occurring around 3:00 a.m. Pacific time.
Interesting. Do you all have any ideas for the emojis? Well, I'll be reading the comments.
So, after the video is over, you can comment whatever emoji you think would be fun.
I think sister clipboard will be fun. We'll do that for sure.
We got to have one for tubing and stuff because I see all kinds of tubing emojis. Try to make your own. Yeah, I like the back.
The AI doesn't do it good because what they did was they had the drafts going the wrong way.
Yeah, the moon is interesting. Y'all want the scroll one. I don't want y'all to use it against him because if he goes on a rant, y'all go with scroll.
All right. I've been drinking these. I don't eat nuts and stuff, so I've been trying to find things that could help.
And I've been cutting my calories back so much today. I'm like, oh goodness.
Here, you just sit there and take notes if you find anything.
And you can work, too. That's why I was trying to think. It pays the head to find.
But these dark chocolate ones, there's no nut-based protein in it. It's because I don't do almonds. So it's okay.
I try to find things that I can eat to supplement my diet right now because I've got to get this weight off as quickly as possible.
You ready? My flesh does not like that. Father, I just thank you, Lord, for your blood.
If there's anything you want to show us tonight. That's right.
If there's anything you want to show us tonight, Father, we just yield ourselves over to you.
We sit on our couch, Father, and we just sit here and bask in your presence.
Braden, did I say anything about that? Study that about March 3rd.
Has the Lord said anything about March 3rd? No, it was all about February 3rd because I said three-three.
I saw three about the third. We yield today. We yield. What is the trigger, Lord?
What's the trigger? What pushes this over? What are they waiting on?
I see it. What are they? Is that it? Okay. I can't say any of that.
Hey, love. Here, help me push through this. I'm seeing on the other side of it. Okay. Shake it. Shake it. And I'm on the moon.
If you just keep on that trail right there, if you just keep on that trail right there, if you just keep on that trail right there, I see you.
It's like I asked a question, but I cannot say the answer to what I saw. It would put people in danger. But we need two angels.
I've talked about these two, but you're entertaining angels unaware.
We need these two angels that are entertaining angels unaware.
We call a cloaking on the enemy. We pray over the angels today. We thank you, Lord, that you are bringing it to pass.
We call our angels to aid and assist, that there is no place for them to hide. Every hiding spot, a paranoia is setting in on these men.
They are hearing a noise that is not there; they are seeing something that is not there.
There is a paranoia setting in on them in enemy lines. They do not trust each other.
I am not speaking concerning our troops right now; I am concerned about the cartel.
I need to make that clear. I am not in Iran; I am in Venezuela, and all this down here, the cartel, a paranoia.
I see hostages. I see a young woman sitting in a chair and she is tied to it.
She has a white tank top on. She is being held, and I hear the word mercenary. I see a girl who went over there.
She has bleached-out blonde hair, slicked back, but it has black streaks in it because it is not her original color.
She looks about 19 to 21 years old. It represents trafficking, people who have disappeared.
They are being held in a metal building. The lights are hanging down like barn lights, dangling, with no sheetrock covering them.
It is a holding area. This girl is not an American girl; she is Hispanic with bleached blonde hair and black highlights.
Her skin looks olive, but she is dirty. It is hot outside. Honduras.
I hear Honduras. It is a trail of people promised to go across the border.
They are coming up through Guatemala, and there is a highway of these people being promised money and being tricked.
Oh Jesus, send the angels to go behind enemy lines because there are people with AKs and bulletproof vests. One has a black stocking hat over his face.
This is what is interesting: in American language, it says sheriff on his bulletproof vest, like a badge from a police uniform.
He is watching the door. They are coming up through California.
Every trail, every tunnel, we call uncovered. We call you uncovered in Jesus name.
If it has any kind of link to a police or sheriff's department, do not put it on there.
I see a guy with a black stocking hat sitting next to a door, staying in watch.
Father, uncover every bad cop. Uncover this sheriff's department.
I see the bank accounts; it is cash. It is very clear. There is not a trace.
They are free in Jesus name. We are exposing corruption and whistleblowers.
I call judgment over this. There is no rock you can hide under.
There is no cliff, no cave you can hide in. We call for exposing and cleansing.
For all the law enforcement officers who have made a pure effort and work hard for your families, thank you for taking an oath to defend our nation and protect us as citizens.
Thank you for being upright, from the FBI to Homeland Security, to our border patrol, to our sheriff's departments, to our local law enforcement, the men and women putting their lives on the line every day for barely any good pay.
Thank you. For our military, thank you. You do not get told thank you enough.
You deal with a lot of crap. And what I see right now in this vision, there is a lot of corruption.
And the Lord wants to expose it. And for the ones that have not fallen for this and took the bait, thank you.
This is so serious. It's not just one person, though. There's multitudes in there.
And the money trickles down with cash. Father, we just thank you.
Oh Father, we thank you as I lift my hands to the Holy Spirit, come as I lift my soul to you.
As I lift my soul to you, I can feel your spirit. Come as I lift my hands to you as I sing my song to you.
I sing to you. I can feel your spirit. Spirit come as I lift my hands to you.
Holy Spirit come as I sing my song to you. As I sing my song to you, I can feel your spirit.
Spirit come as I lift my soul to you. As I lift my hand to you, I can feel your spirit.
This morning, the spirit of God as I want you to sing with me as I sing my soul to you, I can feel your spirit as I lift my hands to you.
Deep is calling unto the deep. I want you to lift your hands up.
Father, I just thank you. I had to take a praise break for y'all.
It's heavy what I'm seeing. And I had to think those are somebody's little kids.
Those are somebody's daughters. And it really hits me because I have young girls too in my home, my kids.
And I think that's somebody's kids in these warehouses. And it really bothers me.
It hits me hard because I can see so much detail and I just go, 'Okay, I see these people and they're hidden and I just get to focus on him because there's so much darkness in it.'They're smuggling drugs.
I see these pills in these bags and they're getting these bags full of these pills. They're like little blue pills and they're in these bags.
It almost looks like little trash bags and they're separated out in these baggies and they're coming across and there's so much of it.
And some of these people have brand new boats. I can't say nothing else about that.
They say this is what my wife made. They hide it through the spouse through certain jobs that they can do. And there's a lot of corruption.
And Lord, you didn't show it all to us tonight just to let it go because you have a plan for every one of them and you want to expose it or you wouldn't have showed it.
You didn't lead us on this path tonight to just go, 'Well, you saw it.
What are you going to do with it?'No. We use our authority, Father.
And we pray over every single one of these young girls and these boys that they'll be brought out of this.
That, Father, that you wouldn't just show us this just to show it. You want all these kids free.
You want them born again and you want these crooked people brought to justice.
Father, I thank you, Lord. I call for the OSBI. That's the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation.
Okay. So it's who would be over the investigation for the drugs, not just border patrol.
But for people that would be like the FBI, we call for all the investigators, the people like the FBI, the people that are over this to expose this corruption in these police departments.
The DEA. That's a good one. We call for the DEA, Father. Father, I thank you like the Pam Bondis and the people like that, Father, that they would find out the trails of Homeland Security.
Father, that they would be exposed and brought to justice. That Father, that they would see just a crack.
I ask, Father, for this crack. How are they able to hide this so well that it will not be able to be hidden anymore?
We need, Father, a department leak. An exposing in the department.
I call a leak in the department. A leak in the name of Jesus to expose it.
A secretary, somebody that answers the phone. I don't care who it is.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you expose it and you protect them when they expose it.
Lord said this to me right there. He said, 'Don't try to figure out how to get it done, Brandon.
Leave that to me. Trust. Pray it out. Trust. Because the natural man perceiveth not things of God.
You're not going to figure it out in your natural mind. How can the Lord do this?
He don't need your help. That's what he's saying. I don't need your help.
Pray. He needs vessels to pray. That's what he's talking about. Pray to expose this what's happening.
And I'm trying to be so cautious of how I say things tonight, which probably not done a real good job of some of it, but for what I see, there's two angels that are concerning this to help to set these people free.
Almost like you have your mercenaries. We need angelic mercenaries to set this girl specifically her families praying for her.
This blonde girl. It's very serious. I see all these kids in this building.
I see drugs. I see this and it's very clear. We pray for tips and trails.
I like that, babe. Father, we thank you, Lord, for tips and trails.
And trails that they'll be able to see where that money's coming from, paying these people off.
Corruption in the force. Corruption in these departments.
Corruption. Exposing the corruption. Could be even an IRS leak.
Father, I thank you. I thank you, Lord. However it be, Father, I thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, that there's whistleblowers.
There's people out there that would say something that rise up that this behavior stops.
We know there is nothing that is impossible for you. And we are expecting to see it on the news.
We rejoice, Father, that you're bringing the righteousness and truth will prevail.
That, Father, we rejoice that you're bringing these young people out of this bondage from this trafficking.
You're bringing the bondage that the fentanyl will not come across our border anymore.
That the fentanyl will stop in Jesus'name. And they'll not be able to smuggle it and hide it in any way.
That the rats in these departments will be exposed in Jesus'name.
That every rat, every harboring devil be exposed in the name of Jesus. We call them exposed.
We call them out of the darkness and into the light that people would see it and this would stop, that the trafficking of these young people would stop lying to them, telling them they have a better future.
They're being lied to. I saw it. We'll take you across and we'll give you a better future.
It's a lie. How do people believe this? They're so desperate.
It's a lie coming from way down South America coming up. Father, we thank you, Lord, that you expose the darkness.
Some of these were kidnapped. They were kidnapped out of a bar.
They drank that stuff in their drink and they woke up. It's date rape stuff.
They drank it in a bar and they in a club and they got taken out.
I believe that's what this blonde girl I keep seeing that blonde girl and her family looking for her and she is taken.
And I'm telling you, you'll see her in the news. She's going to be set free.
Somebody's going to find her. She going to go home. I call every single rock.
There will be no rock they can hide under. There'll be no cave they can hide under.
There's no warehouse they can hide in. There's no trail. There's no cavern.
There's no passage underneath our border that they can hide in.
Everything be exposed and brought to justice in the mighty name of Jesus. It's time. Lord, we thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord.
We thank you Lord that everyone from Texas to California will be brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
We believe and we thank you Lord that the DEA will find them. There will be other non-corrupt departments that will squeal on these small towns.
We receive it in the mighty name of Jesus. We praise you Father.
We thank you Lord that we will see it in the news for what you are about to do.
Tonight marks February 27th. We believe Father that today marks the day of a turnaround.
This is a bunch of ticks on a dog. If you get rid of the host, the ticks die.
It is the money and the trail of money. Why are they doing what they are doing?
Corruption of money and bribery. It is a canine drinking the blood as a life source.
I see a red dog, like a police dog or a bloodhound. The hounds that smell for people.
It is a bloodhound. That is the kind of dog I see with ticks all over it.
Wouldn't it be cool if that dog finds them? We consider it done.
We thank you Lord that this is not just a one-time bust, but that those involved will have the fear of God in them to never do it again.
The bloodhound sniffs a trail. The ticks on it are big, green, and fat.
I believe it is symbolic because it is about finances. The Lord said if you dry up the finances, you stop them.
I saw cash distributed to turn the blinded to darkness, and the traffickers were able to get across without a hiccup.
They are infested by money. I saw certain people with nice stuff bought with cash through their spouse.
It is a financial trail. They are hiding this cash to live beyond their means.
It is basically money laundering. I saw the trail and the baggies full of drugs.
I saw young women in a single file line like the trail of tears, tied to each other so they cannot run away.
The Lord is showing his anger toward this. I believe it is to be continued. By the spirit of God, we are going to stop this.
I believe with all my heart God has a plan and he is going to stop this nonsense.
It is sick. I thank you Father that you are bringing this to pass at last.
Father, I thank you that for someone's daughter, we pray they are going home.
Let them find a good Christian girl's home to learn about the Bible, get a good job, and get an education.
There are so many hurting people in this world. It is amazing.
Yet he cares about every one of you here tonight. He has not forgotten one of us.
He knows the hairs on our head. He has never lost track of any of us.
If you are here tonight and you say pray for me, I am having a hard time.
If you have never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal savior, or if you have never become a born-again Christian, and you are overwhelmed with your life and need somebody to pray with you, you want to make a decision tonight to follow closely to Jesus.
You want to sell out to the Father and make him your Lord and personal savior.
I believe that if you are here tonight, it is time to be all-in.
As you see the ark behind me, we believe that as in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
We know the ark door is closing soon. This dispensation of grace is coming to an end and tribulation is about to begin.
I believe you are here by divine appointment. I believe tonight is the night for you to come to Jesus.
If you have never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal savior, I want to say a simple prayer with you.
You may be one of the ones that have backslidden. You are not backsliding to hell, but you are not close to him like you should be. You are not on fire like you should be.
If you want to turn around and sell out to him, or if you have never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal savior, I want to say a simple prayer with you.
I want to pray with you. I want to love on you. We are not here to condemn you or beat you down.
We are here to uplift you and tell you, hey, Jesus has a plan for your life. We are excited you are here.
We know what it is like to have bombardment from the world and be tired and just be weary and well-doing.
But if tonight you are here and I can pray for you, I just want to say a simple prayer and I want you to be bold about your decision tonight.
I want you to say, Hey, I want to be all-in. I want to come back to Jesus.
I want to sell out to the Lord tonight. I need a fresh, clean start.
But you have to be bold about it. And you have to say it in the comment section right now.
I want a fresh, clean start. So we at least know who we are praying for.
Say, Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God. I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I want to be all-in. I ask for a fresh, clean start tonight.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins. I ask you to wash me, Lord, as of tonight, Lord.
I turn my back on the world. I turn my back on the devil. I turn my back on the sin that I was committing.
And from this day forward, Lord, I sell out to you. I ask you to forgive me, Lord.
Write my name in the Lamb's book of life. From this day forward, Lord, I will serve you with all I have.
For I know the time is short and I am looking up. For I know my redemption is drawing nigh.
And if I were to die tonight, Lord, I know I will spend the rest of eternity with you in paradise.
Thank you, Lord, that I am free. Thank you, Lord, that I am no longer bound by the devil's plan.
I have your plan. I am free. I am set free. I am washed in the blood.
Thank you Lord that today is my day for a turnaround in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen. I believe you just said that prayer. It is just simple.
You have to believe it with your heart. Confess with your mouth.
And I believe you are saved. If you are here tonight and you just said that, welcome home.
Welcome home. We are excited you are here. Now, I want you to get plugged into church.
Go to church. Find a non-denominational church. Get plugged in there.
Go to church on Sunday, Wednesday, whenever they have Bible study or whatever they have going on.
And get plugged in there in your local community, wherever you can find that is really good.
And read your Bible every day. Pray. Come pray with us. And get plugged in.
We are here. We are loving on you. We are excited you are here tonight. This is our church group. We do this.
I try to do it every day, every other day and especially when I feel a major urgency like I do tonight.
I have been doing these prayers like this because when I feel that pull to pray, I have been doing it more frequently.
But I want you to know we are here for you and we are loving on you. We are excited you are here.
Like, subscribe, click the notification bell, be a part of our prayer group here.
This is our little church home. This is what we call prayer changes things. So, we are excited that you are here. We are excited.
We are believing for a million men and women prayer army in these last days.
Here we are. We believe Jesus is coming sooner than later, ladies and gentlemen.
We are right at the door of Jesus Christ coming back for every single one of us.
We believe it. You can see it. You can feel it. Look all around you.
Look at the Middle East. Look at the fig tree. Look at all this major stuff that is about to happen.
I truly believe we are about to see one of the greatest harvests of souls this world has ever seen before.
Oh, we have to pray over President Trump. Father, I thank you, Lord.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for President Trump tonight. Father, that he has the mind of Christ.
Father, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly. We pray protection all around him.
We thank you, Lord, that his children, Eric, Don Jr., Tiffany, Ivanka, and Barron are all protected in the name of Jesus. That no weapon formed against them will prosper.
We put a bloodline all around them, Father, that they are in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what you have called them to do.
The thousand shall fall at the side and 10,000 at the right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
I thank you, Lord, for President Trump, Father, that he is protected, that no weapon, just like you did on July the 11th, you will do it again and again and again.
In the blood of Jesus, the angels of the Lord are protecting him and that they will bear him up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
And we believe that, Father, that we are in the time of the greatest outpouring of your spirit this world has ever seen before.
And Father, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise that he has godly decisions.
He takes no counsel from the ungodly as he is making the decision concerning Iran and Israel and all that he has to do.
That the pressure of this world, that you are removing that pressure off of him tonight, that he sleeps well and he is able to have sound sleep and that Father there is peace over him and his family tonight in Jesus name.
A refreshing, a refreshing over him and over his cabinet and over the FBI all of them, Father, they need a refreshing.
It is a trying job. We ask God to give them peace and over our seamen, our sailors out in the ocean and over our men and women of service.
God, we protect them, Father, in the name of Jesus tonight. All 54 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, welcome home.
Welcome home to all of you, we pray. We are so excited that you are here and you gave your heart to Jesus.
All 54 of you, we rejoice and we are so excited. I just have all these little things the Lord keeps putting.
He said, Don't forget to pray for Trump. So, I am praying for him, for wisdom, for this cabinet, for all that is going on.
And so, well, if you came tonight, thank you for coming and like I said, please like, subscribe, do all that you can to help us with the algorithm.
And we will be back again tomorrow. I am going to pray there is one more day of this month.
I really would pray for this month to end well, that we are going to finish strong in the month of February getting ready to start March 1st on Sunday, and we are going to get ready to have this blood moon coming on Tuesday.
And wow, blood moon on Tuesday. Can you believe that folks? And it will be the last one until New Year's Eve of 2028.
So praise the Lord. Good days are ahead. Are you excited to be living in these last days?
The signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I get excited. So, we are excited you are here. We are excited. We hope you are excited. Somebody said that.
I don't know if it's true, but somebody on your post just an hour ago when you were talking about the moons, there is tomorrow of February is tomorrow.
Tomorrow on February 28th, all the planets in our solar system will align in the sky.
This is a very rare and special event that won't occur until 2040.
You will have to Google that. That is true. That is cool. And then we have the blood moon.
Yeah, man. I wonder if that is real. I hope it is. That could be fake news, but something to study.
That is neat. If it is, 2040. Wow. Could that be real? That is like for what?
2040. How long is that? 20 years from now. 20 plus. They say people are saying it is true.
Really? They are saying it is true. Six planets align. That is cool.
Six. That is a bad number. One, two, three, four, five. Yep. Six.
So, six planets. Six planets plus the moon within the next three days.
What is the sign of the time? So, is the blood moon over America? Yeah. And he said from.
I don't know how I know, but I am just saying, is it, are we able to see it? Yeah, I think so.
Sometimes it is never, it could be over the Middle East, it could be over Australia, it could be over a lot of places, and so you never know.
You usually have to go look at the NASA website. March 26. This shows where it will be seen.
The total ends right here, then partial. America is over here, so yellow is total.
What's green? Green says total ends, that total begins. It looks like it should be available over America.
That's kind of cool. That's exciting. I'm going to stay up for that. The total eclipse is supposed to be rainy.
We've been praying for rain, and we could get up to five inches of rain in the next 10 days. They said five inches.
That's great, because we're in a major drought and we need rain badly because fires have been starting to spark up in Oklahoma.
I pray for a statewide rain for our wheat farmers and for our crops.
It is bone dry, and the pollen from the juniper trees is screaming at me.
I am not a fan of cedars. How cool is that? The entire eclipse is visible, so we'll be able to see it here.
What is it about us? The red dawn experience. This is what we're praying against, the D-Day, the enemy within.
Coming against the enemy within, the thousand men. There are 10 cities with a thousand men all together.
10 men per city. They spoke and I saw them go into towns. There were two per city in small little towns.
I saw lone wolf attacks in these little towns with two or three men.
They spoke out and the Lord showed this to us. Remember the fertilizer?
I know I bring all this up, but you need to remember some of the words the Lord has given us since last year.
We were praying over the 50-gallon barrels filled with fertilizer.
Those didn't go away, and I know beyond a shadow of a doubt I did not miss that. These visions were clear and very precise.
I know about those vans, the plan, and the plots of the wicked with that Timothy McVeigh stuff that the Lord showed me.
I'm still praying against it and it's not going to happen. But I believe we're going to see evidence of it, so you're not just looking flaky calling things out on the internet.
It is going to be brought to justice, we will be able to see it, and it will be on the news because the FBI or Homeland Security is going to find these guys.
Whether they are male or female, they are in our country because Joe Biden let them cross the border.
We will find them in the name of Jesus and bring them all to justice. I truly believe it.
That's what we're here for, to rise up in these last days and pray over what we saw with those lone wolf attacks in Queensland, Australia.
The opera house, that huge area; we saw that before it happened, and it was not too far from there.
The Lord said, pray over that area. That dad and his son were stupid and tried to hurt those people.
We believe there's power in prayer and I believe you do too. We're so thankful you came out tonight.
I'm excited for this next week. The blood moon, that's cool.
I want to watch that. The planets align; that's going to be cool.
I wonder how we can see that. I love stuff like that. We'll be out there taking pictures.
New South Wales by Sydney. So, this is New South Wales. I don't know much about Australia.
One day we'll go visit. That would be kind of fun. I just don't like planes that much.
That's a long flight. I'd like to go visit Hawaii on the way there.
There's a lot of churches over there that have invited me. I said that'd be fun. I'll make a surprise visit.
If we ever went to Australia to visit those people who work for the Billy Graham organization, well, praise the Lord.
We love you. Thank you for joining us. I think I'll go eat some lettuce.
I have to be obedient, eat this lettuce and eat some cauliflower. Your mom just did it. I was proud of her.
She's doing it with me; she doesn't need to, but she's trying to help motivate me.
Paisley's in there, and she goes, doesn't this look so good?
It looks like something a rabbit would eat. We are rabbits and turtles.
God help me. Well, it's the truth. We love you, see you tomorrow.
I will be back tomorrow. Pray for me as I pray for you. I have to have strength for another one.
I'll stay in the word tomorrow and be ready. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again.